This directory contains a series of OpenEXR files that can
be used to test if a program that displays images on the screen
properly places, crops and pads the images.  All files contain
the same set of 400 by 300 pixels, but the data window, display
window, and pixel aspect ratio differ between files.

For reference, see how ILM's exrdisplay program (part of the
OpenEXR source code distribution) displays the images in this
directory.

t01.exr:

    The display window and the data window are the same.
    All pixels in the data window should be visible in
    the display window.

t02.exr:
t03.exr:
t04.exr:
t05.exr:
t06.exr:
t07.exr:
t08.exr:

    The display window and the data window overlap, but they are
    not the same.  Portions of the data window that are outside
    the display window should not be displayed.  Portions of the
    display window that are outside the data window should be
    filled with a suitable background color.

t09.exr:
t10.exr:
t11.exr:
t12.exr:

    The display window and the data window do not overlap.
    The entire display window should be filled with the
    background color.

t13.exr:

    The display window and the data window have only one pixel
    in common.   The data window's lower right pixel should be
    visible in the upper left corner of the display window.

t14.exr:

    The display window and the data window have only one pixel
    in common.   The data window's upper left pixel should be
    visible in the lower right corner of the display window.

t15.exr:

    The display window and the data window are the same as in
    t07.exr, but the pixels have an aspect ratio (width divided
    by height) of 1.5.  On a screen with square pixels, both
    the display window and the data window should be stretched
    horizontally.

t16.exr:

    The display window and the data window are the same as in
    t07.exr, but the pixels have an aspect ratio of 0.667.
    On a screen with square pixels, both the display window
    and the data window should be stretched vertically.

